The file declares a set of resources. Resources are infrastructure objects, such as virtual networks, compute instances, or higher-level components such as DNS records.

In this case, resources declared are:

random name: 
    Resource of type random_string. Declares a random permutation of alphanumeric characters and optionally special characters using a cryptographic number generator.
    The arguments used to define this resource are:
        length: The length of the string required.
        upper:  Wether the string should include uppercase alphabet characters in random string.
        lower:  Wether the string should include lowercase alphabet characters in random string.
        special: Wether the string should include special characters.x

keypair: 
    Resource of type openstack_compute_keypair_v2: Declares a V2 key pair resource within Openstack. 
    The arguments used to define this resource are:
        name - A unique name for the keypair. Changing this creates a new keypair.
        public_key - A pregenerated public key

web:
    Resource of type openstack_compute_instance_v2. Declares a V2 VM instance resource within Openstack.
    The arguments used to define this resource are:
        count - A meta argument, defining the number of infrastructure objects created/configured.
        name - Unique name for the resource 
        image_name - The name of the desired image for the server. Changing this creates a new server.
        flavor_name - The name of the desired flavor for the server. Changing this resizes the existing server. 
        key_pair - The name of a key pair to put on the server. The key pair must already be created and associated with the tenant's account. Changing this creates a new server
        security_groups - An array of one or more security group names or ids to associate with the server. Changing this results in adding/removing security groups from the existing server.
        network - An array of one or more networks to attach to the instance. 

balancer:   
    Resource of type openstack_compute_instance_v2. Declares a V2 VM instance resource within Openstack.
    The arguments used to define this resource are the same as the web resource.

In short, the file declares 4 resources:

    random_name - a random string containing only lower case leters.
    keypair - A V2 keypair to use within openstack, with the name of the random string generated by the random_name resource and the value of the keypair generated in step 4 of the assignment,
    web - 2 VM instances in openstack, running the Ubuntu Bionic image, with flavour t1.nano, names web1 and web2, with the keypair declared previously, associated to two security groups (the default group and a group defined in the terraform-vmcloud-networks file) and attached to our group's network.
    balancer - A VM instances in openstack, running the Ubuntu Bionic image, with flavour t1.nano, name balancer, with the keypair declared previously, associated to two security groups (the default group and a group defined in the terraform-vmcloud-networks file) and attached to our group's network.